what's up you guys old school Zurcher
here and today i've got another old
school runescape set for you guys
so in today's tip it's actually gonna be
a little bit different than normal it's
gonna be a little money making guide I
guess you could say for the noobs mainly
that are trying to get a starting little
cash stack in old school runescape to
get themselves kind of going and you
know train some skills train some magic
so they can teleport you know just kind
of help get their account a little you
know boost and so there's gonna be
really simple money making methods you
know most of you are probably gonna know
about them just to warn you this is
mainly for the people that didn't really
play back in 2007 and are just now kind
of starting out and are curious as a way
to get you know some money started so as
you can see right now we're at Sears
Bank and if you don't know where that is
I'll bring up the map and I'll show you
exactly where we're at and we're gonna
be picking flax and most of you're
probably thinking oh my god I already
know this method and if you know these
methods and you're not a noob I advise
you to mount watch this video because
this is gonna be mainly for the noobs
that have like no money at all so just
kind of a warning to you guys all right
so to pick flax it requires absolutely
nothing you can do it right away all you
got to do is just get to Sears bank and
you'll be able to pick flax so really we
just start from the bank and we run
south not walk we run
and that's it you will come up to a flax
field after you go past this building
you go little southeast and as you can
see there are a lot of people here
because it is kind of a popular money
making method for the noobs and there
are a lot of BOTS doing it too
unfortunately
hopefully jagex should have that fixed
soon all right so we'll say that this is
a full inventory so once you're done you
have two options right now you can run
back to the bank after you have a full
inventory and just bank them and then
come back and pick some more or if you
have ten crafting you can actually come
up to this building right here next to
the new trees and you go in and there's
a ladder right there and you climb up it
and then you just click on the spinning
wheel you click spin on the spinning
wheel and then you see bowstring and
then flax in parenthesis that's what you
want to make and then just you know type
a random high number to make the whole
inventory and as I said before you need
ten crafting to do this but this can
actually get your crafting level up
decently fast and it'll pretty much
double your profit as well because as of
right now in runescape let me check the
date here
March 15th 2013 so the prices are
probably gonna change by the time you
guys watch this video but flax is going
for around 40 to 45 bow strings going
for around 70 to 80 each so you can
potentially double your profit but in
the time it takes you to spin a whole
inventory of flat flax in the bow string
you could probably have picked a whole
nother inventory of just plain flax so I
guess the money-making doesn't really
get any faster whether or not you're
spending it or not it just kind of gets
you some free crafting experience and I
feel like bow strings a little bit
easier to sell so yeah I hope that
helped and now moving on to the next
money-making tip alright so the next
money-making tip I wanted to show you
guys the help you get started an old
school runescape is stealing silk from
the silk trader and you're actually and
you start doing right now and I'll bring
up the map and show you guys where that
is if you
happen to know where that is and we are
currently in the marketplace and as you
can see right here
the silk merchant and the silk stall
that's where you want to go it's kind of
in the south western part of the
marketplace and there's actually another
silk stall up in the north as well it'll
be represented by like a purple or a
purplish-pinkish color I so the only
requirement for this is actually 20
thieving which I realized isn't the most
newbie but it's it's you know it's not
hard to get if you want to get 20
thieving all you got to do is pick
pocket like level two men to like five
and then go up in the northwestern part
of this marketplace and steal from the
Baker stall and you'll get 20 in no time
so really all you do is you just click
steal from the silk stall and as you can
see you can get a attack to by level 20
guards so I'd recommend bringing some
armor now you can't fight them or you
can just run away and they'll eventually
get off of you and yeah so then you just
go back and repeat the process and keep
stealing soap now you can steal a left
you can sell the silk that you have
stolen that's a tongue twister you can
resell it back to the silk merchants but
you have to wait like half an hour to an
hour and then he'll buy it off of you
because if you talk to him beforehand
here I'll show you
if I can click on them God he will just
call the guards on you and yeah so you
have to wait a half an hour to an hour
before you can even I have the option to
sell it so if you do this for about an
hour and then you know wait it comes up
to around like 30kg P profit per hour
something something around that it just
depends um if you actually traded silk
or something with your friend you might
be able to resell it back but I would
just wait to half an hour since it's
guaranteed and you won't have to do any
trust trades or whatever and yeah I hope
this guide helped you guys make a little
bit of money you get yourself started an
old school runescape please leave a like
if you enjoyed it or it helped and
subscribe if you look forward to some
more old school runescape videos